Updating README to add snp functionality (#117)
virtee/sev: README.md

# sev

The `sev` crate provides an implementation of the [AMD Secure Encrypted

> Virtualization (SEV)](https://developer.amd.com/sev/) APIs and the [SEV Secure Nested Paging

Reviewer: Should this point to the SEV docs?
```suggestion
Virtualization (SEV)](https://www.amd.com/content/dam/amd/en/documents/epyc-technical-docs/programmer-references/55766_SEV-KM_API_Specification.pdf) APIs and the [SEV Secure Nested Paging
```

Firmware (SNP)] (https://www.amd.com/content/dam/amd/en/documents/epyc-technical-docs/specifications/56860.pdf) ABIs.

### SEV APIs

The Linux kernel exposes two technically distinct AMD SEV APIs:

1. An API for managing the SEV platform itself
2. An API for managing SEV-enabled KVM virtual machines

This crate implements both of those APIs and offers them to client.
code through a flexible and type-safe high-level interface.

### SNP ABIs

The exposed ASP (AMD Secure Processor) firmware gets an enhancement with the SEV-SNP update.
The new exposed ABI has the same two functionalities as the SEV API:

1. An ABI for managing the SEV-SNP platform itself
2. An ABI for managing SEV-SNP enabled KVM virtual machines

These new ABIs work only for **SEV-SNP** enabled hosts and guests.

This crate now implements both the APIs for SEV management as well as the ABIs for SEV-SNP management.

### SEV and SEV-SNP enablement

By default, both the SEV and SEV-SNP libraries are compiled.

> Since both generations have similar functions, the library is still split by folders according to function, and inside the modules we separate the functionalities into `sev.rs` and `snp.rs` files.
> You can select to only compile `sev` or `snp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
Because many modules provided support to both legacy SEV and SEV-SNP, they have been split into individual sub-modules `sev.rs` and `snp.rs`, isolating generation specific behavior. If desired, you may opt to compile these individually by specifying the `sev` or `snp` feature flags independently.
```
```
